So we learned that we have these inexperienced fall and I can tell you that this file in the end includes
the code which executes first when we start our app and that this renders this strange thing into the
place of this div here.
Now what is that strange app thing here.
We're importing app from this app file Indian from the aptly is file because extensions are added automatically
on the imports.
They're what we have is in the end a javascript function.
This is a regular function an arrow function stored and is constant and then we export is constant and
therefore it is function pretty straightforward.
But the thing inside of the function is not straightforward.
What we return here looks like aged him out just like this looks like aged him but it's in a javascript
file it can't be him all right.
You can't add H HTML in a javascript file.
That's a special syntax invented by the REACT team.
It's called J as X and it allows us h t email looking code in JavaScript files at under the hood.
This will be translated to instructions react understands in detail.
This year is similar to react create element a method provided on this react object here and then here
age 1 and then here now or an empty object.
And then there's a third argument your text here for example.
Hi this is react different text than before but it will render something similar on the screen.
This will yield the same result and I can prove that to you.
If we simply start our development server and try to see this app in action to start it and the package
not chase and file we find a script to start script which already exists there and this will in the
end use that tooling I mentioned earlier to then transform our code and to start up a development server
which automatically reloads or injects changes when we change something.
So here we can open up a new terminal integrated into this idea and they are right.
NPM start to bring up that development server and you should keep that server up and running as long
as you are working on your code because when you close it you can preview your page anymore your app
anymore.
Now when you start does serve when you run NPM start it should automatically open up a new tab in the
browser on local host 3000.
If it doesn't simply do so on your own and visited and there you should see Hi this is react which clearly
is the text I entered here.
So in the end this year is react soon text and we could write our entire app with this syntax but this
gets very cumbersome especially if we start nesting elements into each other.
That is why react gives us this alternative J.S. X syntax which in the end is just translated to react
create element and then what I just showed you.
That's also why we need to import react here even though it looks like we're not using does react object
anywhere in this file.
Right.
We have to react text here but that's something different.
So we're not using it anywhere in this file.
Well it gets used implicitly because this is just syntactic sugar in the end it is translated to that
average syntax.
I showed you and that is what react is all about we tell react which elements that should render and
under the hood it then will translate this into commands that the DOM understands that the browser understands
to render a real DOM elements.
Now for example if I add the title here which gives us this tooltip that's built into the browser basically
this works and I save this it automatically reload.
You don't need to do so on your own and you now hover over this.
You see this tooltip this works very small here but you can see it if you test this on your own system.
Now this works because dad in the end is translated to react create element age 1 then does object which
we previously left empty.
Here we set the attributes or the properties we want to set on that Dom mode which is created here in
this case title to this works and then thereafter we have the text.
This is how it works and react will do everything it needs to do it will create this element it will
set all these properties or attributes here and it will render the lost argument here inside of that
created element and that's also the part where it is J is ex code helps us because if any here we have
let's say another H html element we would have to nest multiple react create element calls into each
other which quickly becomes very hard to manage.
That's why does J as X index here is a great idea great invention.
So we will use the syntax and we all used here in next s the differences though that here we don't use
it with a normal H Tim l DOM element but instead here we use custom function because we are using what
gets exported in the aptly as file and what we export there is a normal javascript function well that
is one of the most important concepts of React Components.